Shen Qingyan
You actually joined the division to come against me
I didn't call them
Didn't I tell you not to help me?
Who wants to help you?
I think our president wants to see you
Jiang Lu, what do you mean?
I don't mean anything.
I'm just not used to more bullying less
It seems that the legendary strongest person in history is you.
Just a name
Come and be a friend.
My name is Jiang Lu
I don't want to be your friend. Why?
Sooner or later we have a war
I'm afraid I won't be able to be ruthless by then
Hahajiang Road
You are hot face sticking to other people's cold butt
Sister Lu
Shen Qingyan fell over yesterday and his brain was broken
Don't argue with him
Don't talk nonsense
actually
I'm not here for either of you at all
I just can't watch young people get married
If a few people die, it will be even more troublesome
Since you two have already placed the gauntlet
Then you two go head-to-head
Win or lose, there is an explanation
How about that? I have no problem with that.
I am afraid
Some people have so many subordinates who can work for them
Why take the risk yourself?
Are you really worried that I am a vegetarian?
Come to single, single